Add missing flags for some of the ENV vars (#4910)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/deployment/graphql-engine-flags/reference.rst

     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ENABLE_TELEMETRY``
     - Enable anonymous telemetry (default: true)

   * - ``--events-http-pool-size <POOL_SIZE>``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_EVENTS_HTTP_POOL_SIZE``
     - Max event threads

   * - ``--events-fetch-interval <MILLISECONDS>``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_EVENTS_FETCH_INTERVAL``
     - Interval in milliseconds to sleep before trying to fetch events again after a fetch
       returned no events from postgres (default: 1000 ms)

   * - ``--log-headers-from-env``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_LOG_HEADERS_FROM_ENV``
     - If an environment variable is present in a log line, this flag indicates

>        if it's value should be logged. When set to false, only the name of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       if its value should be logged. When set to false, only the name of the
```

>      - Flag to indicate if whether the values of the environment variables in the headers
>        should be logged. When set to false, the name of the environment variable will be
>        logged (default: false)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Flag to indicate if environment variable should be expanded, if present in the log. When set to false, the name of the environment variable will be logged (default: false)
```
